Unlock by killing players and weapons.
There are four types of tests: easy, hard, easy and simple.
The scientists and crew of the D-class had to board the plane to escape.
The defenders are weak, but there are many. Hello Thailand!
Your strength is important. Save for the surprise!
There are two doors upstairs. Solve if necessary.
Using the elevator is a quick and easy way to get rid of all the SCPs.
DM scientists escape from Class D and enter the illegal world.
Adrenaline gives you sustained energy and fighting ability.
4 radio programs. More batteries, more batteries.
Tesla Harbor is an electrical hazard in all waterways. Be careful!
The workers reached the top of the site.
Alpha's head explodes killing everyone in it. It can also be opened from above.
Alpha slows to kill the boss and you can lose.
All players can use the intercom to send voice messages.
Objects can be discarded (default "t"). It can be used to open doors and break windows.
Fifteen minutes later, Lewis closed the park and the people died. Run as fast as you can.
Find out how to reset your device to fix this problem.
The stronger the weapon, the stronger it will be. It affects the effort and speed of movement.
It doesn't stop recording conversations like Flash does.
Long and heavy weapons are not very accurate when shooting on the move.
This increases the amount of items and equipment you can pick up.
Armor (AP) is very useful against weapons.
JHP does damage accurately, but not much.
Pressing the reload button fires the gun and fills the magazine with bullets.
Chaotic weapons are powerful but invisible on stage. read aloud:
The door can be destroyed with explosives.
Use the right mouse button to fire powerful grenades.
Most micro-HID SCPs die quickly. However, the flow is limited. Please use it wisely.
The micro HID takes about 5 seconds to light up.
Right click on the H.I.D microphone to view the slow feed
Micro HIDs are very noisy at first. Even if you don't reach your goal, be happy.
A low cost HID will create a dangerous sound, disrupting the enemy's plans.
SCP-207's ice does not support fast movement. But you will live.
Four SCP-207s can be used to increase speed.
SCP-500 cannot save you. However, many side effects can be prevented and treated.
SCP-268 is invisible to everyone, but SCP-079 can hear you.
SCP-268 cannot defend itself against SCP-096 even when exposed.
SCP-018 remains unidentified. After cooking, remove the lid.
SCP-018 can be used for launch purposes.
SCP-330 can make six unique candies. Each has its own consequences. Not more than 2.
SCP-1853 allows for quick and short reloading of weapons.
SCP-079 can use SCP-2176 to cloak locked rooms or rooms with locked doors.
If the correct teeth are used, SCP-2176 can attack SCP-079.
SCP-244 slows down and prevents the SCP from taking refuge.
SCP-1576 allows the music to interact directly with the audience for a short period of time.
SCP-914 can transform anything, including weapons and armor.
SCP-914 can transmit HID radios and blogs.
SCP-914 may offer some unique properties that cannot be found anywhere else. Test!
SCP-079 starts out slow, but becomes powerful in battle.
SCP-079 can lock doors, turn off lights, and Tesla can open doors.
SCP-079 Tesla's control portal appears to be operational.
SCP-079 is located in a large factory near a generator in a control room with a security button.
SCP-079 can use mouse movements to determine the size of a room.
When SCP-079 closes the door, additional power is required to shut it down.
SCP-079 can read up to level 4. When it detects someone hiding in the room, it emits a sound.
SCP-079 can assume an alpha level of 5. So when the reading begins, it explodes.
The camera uses SCP-079 to emit blue light. Be careful! You never know when it will happen.
Despite security measures, SCP-173 can walk in dark rooms. Bring the light!
SCP-173 may strike again.
SCP-173 can see the world. This provides space for pedestrians to park.
SCP-106 passes through doors and windows.
In space, SCP-106 can see people in small environments.
SCP-106 activates "TAB" to activate the card in a nearby phone
SCP-106's power is bound to a source called "life force", which absorbs any energy that might harm SCP-106.
SCP-106 is susceptible to damage upon release.
SCP-096 is extremely dangerous when upgraded.
SCP-096 can capture targets, open doors, and destroy them.
Shocked, SCP-096 opened the locked door.
SCP-939 can mimic the voice of the dead.
SCP-939 can create clouds of amniotic fluid. Victims are unable to capture SCP-939 until after the attack.
Adrenaline counteracts the amnesic effects of SCP-939 clouds.
Fire is very useful for SCP-939.
The lower the level of SCP-939, the worse it will treat the player.
The higher the concentration of SCP-939, the greater the psychoactive effects.
SCPs are different from humans. I am pleased!
The subject's heart stopped as a result of SCP-049's attack. During this period, health and strength decline rapidly.
SCP-049 can kill people in an instant.
Heart disease can affect your health quickly. A medical device is needed to solve this problem.
SCP-049 can create new structures.
SCP-049 can be held together with SCP-049-2.
Images of SCP-049-2 are available.
SCP-049-2 is a trained and dangerous spy.
Most reanimated SCPs have a special health bar called a Smoker that absorbs damage and regenerates over time.